so I'm dr. Dan Engel I'm the medical
director at the rejuvenation &
Performance Institute outside of Sedona
Arizona and I've gotten my background in
medicine through psychiatry and child
psychiatry and forensic psychiatry I did
my training in Texas in Denver and then
after I got out of my training I
realized that I really wanted to work
with people in rejuvenation medicine so
I work with people to really recover
their optimum state of performance in
their bodies and minds well the alpha
brain and the shroom texsport promote a
great balance in what you're optimizing
in both mind and body function alpha
brain allows for that peak performance
clarity concentration focus attention
planning follow-through you know all of
the stages that are necessary in
creating a new plan for wellness or
being able to follow through with ones
optimum mental level of awareness and
function well with the shrimp export
you've got a combination of adaptogenic
strengthening herbs that any one of
which by themselves is going to give
optimal performance enhancement and when
you bring them into an alchemy and
synergize them all together you get them
the exponential benefit that's really
where you get the magic when you're
looking at an iceberg everybody's seen
those cross sections of the iceberg with
a little tip that you see above the
surface and that big chunk of ice the
body of it below the surface energies
the same way most people try and and
chase energy on the surface by doing
things like caffeine and nicotine which
gives you these peaks and valleys
without supporting the reservoir of
energy below the surface that's what
we're doing with Schrute export and
alpha brain is really supporting it from
the ground level up so that by the time
you hit the surface your ongoing peak
energy is sustained
you